[IMP] CRM: Lead scoring equation update (#10664)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/sales/crm/track_leads/lead_scoring.rst

   P(A | B) = \frac{P(A) \times P(B | A)}{P(B)}
   \end{equation}

Breaking down the equation:

> - P(A|B) = The probability of a successful lead in this *case*
> - P(A) = The overall probability of a lead being successful regardless of the conditions
> - P(B|A) = The probability of this being the *case* given a lead is successful
> - P(B) = The probability of this being the *case*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- P(A|B) = probability of a successful lead in this *case*
- P(A) = overall probability of a lead being successful, regardless of the conditions
- P(B|A) = probability of this being the *case*, given a lead is successful
- P(B) = probability of this being the *case*
```
removing the capitalized "The" since there is no period at the end of these explanations, nor are they complete sentences.

> The term *in this case* refers to the variables that can affect a lead being successful in Odoo.

Reviewer 2: Italicize "case" throughout the equation breakdown to make it it clear this definition applies wherever "case" is used, not just "in this case"

> include variables such as the assigned Salesperson, the source of the lead, the language of the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
include variables, such as the assigned Salesperson, the source of the lead, the language of the
```

lead, and other historical and demographic data.

> Which variables are considered in this calculation can be :ref:`configured

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The variables considered in this calculation can be :ref:`configured
```

<lead_scoring/configuration>` to tailor the calculation to each business's needs.

> The probability of success of each opportunity is displayed on the opportunity form, and it updates

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The probability of success for each opportunity is displayed on the opportunity form, and updates
```

> automatically as the opportunity progresses through the CRM pipeline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
automatically, as the opportunity progresses through the CRM pipeline.
```

> When an opportunity moves to the next stage, its probability of success automatically increases

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When an opportunity moves to the next stage, its probability of success automatically increases,
```

according to the predictive lead scoring algorithm.

.. _lead_scoring/configuration:

Configuration
-------------

Predictive lead scoring is always active in Odoo **CRM**. However, the variables used to calculate
the probability of success can be customized in the settings.

To customize the variables used by predictive lead scoring, go to :menuselection:`CRM app -->

> Configuration --> Settings`. Under :guilabel:`Predictive Lead Scoring`, click on the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configuration --> Settings`. Under :guilabel:`Predictive Lead Scoring`, click the
```
OPTIONAL: just think it looks/sounds cleaner without the "on"

the probability number to edit it.

.. important::
   Manually changing the probability removes the automatic probability updates for that opportunity.

>    The probability will no longer update automatically as the opportunity moves through each stage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The probability no longer updates automatically, as the opportunity moves through each stage
```

   of the pipeline.

> To reactivate automatic probability, click on the :icon:`fa-cog` Actions menu icon next to the
> probability percentage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To reactivate automatic probability, click on the :icon:`fa-cog` :guilabel:`(gear) icon next to the
:guilabel:`Probability` percentage.
```
Since this *technically* isn't the 'Actions' gear menu (that's located above the form, beside the 'Discard' and 'Save automatically' icons), I think it might be best to format it this way. And, since the term 'Probability' appears on the screen, I believe that should be given a GUI, as well.

Assign leads based on probability
=================================

Odoo **CRM** can assign leads/opportunities to sales teams and salespeople based on specified rules.
Create assignment rules based on the leads' probability of success to prioritize those that are
more likely to result in deals.

Configure rule-based assignment
-------------------------------

To activate *rule-based assignment*, navigate to :menuselection:`CRM app --> Configuration -->
Settings`, and activate :guilabel:`Rule-Based Assignment`.

> The rule-based assignment feature can be set to run :guilabel:`Manually`, meaning an Odoo user must

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Rule-Based Assignment feature can be set to run :guilabel:`Manually`, meaning an Odoo user **must**
```
OPTIONAL: opting for capitalization here because it's the proper name of a feature

Reviewer: If you decide to accept this suggestion, ensure that it is presented in the same way throughout the doc

Assign leads based on probability
=================================

Odoo **CRM** can assign leads/opportunities to sales teams and salespeople, based on specified
rules. Create assignment rules, based on the leads' probability of success, to prioritize those that
are more likely to result in deals.

Configure rule-based assignment
-------------------------------

To activate *Rule-Based Assignment*, navigate to :menuselection:`CRM app --> Configuration -->
Settings`, and tick the :guilabel:`Rule-Based Assignment` checkbox. Then, click :guilabel:`Save`.

> The Rule-Based Assignment feature can be set to run :guilabel:`Manually`, meaning an Odoo user
> **must** manually trigger the assignment, or :guilabel:`Repeatedly`, meaning Odoo will automatically
> trigger the assignment according to the chosen time period.

Reviewer 3: Need a guilabel here :)
```suggestion
The :guilabel:`Rule-Based Assignment` feature can be set to run :guilabel:`Manually`, meaning an
Odoo user **must** manually trigger the assignment, or :guilabel:`Repeatedly`, meaning Odoo will
automatically trigger the assignment according to the chosen time period.
```

   :align: center
   :alt: The Rule-Based Assignment setting in CRM settings.

> If Rule-Based Assignment is set to run :guilabel:`Repeatedly`, the assignment can still be
> triggered manually using the circular arrow icon in the :guilabel:`Rule-Based Assignment` settings
> (or using the :guilabel:`Assign Leads` button on the sales team configuration page).
> 

Reviewer 3: Here too please :)
```suggestion
If :guilabel:`Rule-Based Assignment` is set to run :guilabel:`Repeatedly`, the assignment can still
be triggered manually using the circular arrow icon in the :guilabel:`Rule-Based Assignment`
settings (or using the :guilabel:`Assign Leads` button on the sales team configuration page).

```

Next, configure the *assignment rules* for each sales team and/or salesperson. These rules
determine which leads Odoo assigns to which people. To get started, navigate to :menuselection:`CRM
app --> Configuration --> Sales Teams`, and select a sales team.

> On the sales team configuration form, under :guilabel:`Assignment Rules`, click on :guilabel:`Edit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the sales team configuration form, under :guilabel:`Assignment Rules`, click :guilabel:`Edit
```
OPTIONAL: same reason as above re: "on"
